README.md, before:

# tech-portfolio
Code for my web development and design portfolio

Credits:
Home hero background photo by Alexandru Acea https://unsplash.com/@alexacea on Unsplash (edited)

---------------------------------------------------------------
TODO:

Shop portfolio piece

Mobile styles, backlinks, validation

-Test in different browsers, different screens
-Test on phone and tablet (actual devices)
-Test links

VITAL:

Resume
Image content - home hero, education, hobbies

//TODO: Complete resume page

    //Export a new plain text, PDF, and image of resume for the site
    // mobile friendly
    //Complete responsiveness and dark mode, test all buttons

Content needed

Home Page: hero images 800px and below; move img content down to make room for text
About Page: education and certifications image
Hire Me: hero img, updated resume image, updated skills
Resume: hero images, resume (html, pdf, plain)

Rory's Stories Shop Portfolio Project

PHP-Finale (project completed): image of mobile design

The-Book-Shelf.xyz: link to asana, docs, etc, mobile image

Rachel Yamagiwa Massage (presentation written):_prototype: mobile styles, add links back to portfolio

shop design project notice - this is not a real shop

block bots from contact form

Dream Content:
videos demonstrating each site
mobile styles
process and documentation links
each site links back to portfolio
complete python/JS apps and share
documentation, tutorials, notes

------
Rory's Stories Shop Design (/rorystories): mobile styles, complete checkout process styles, add notice that this is not a real shop, add links back to portfolio

-----
PRIORITIES
1 Images that are missing
2 Resume
3 Complete text content
4 LinkedIn, etc
5 Add more projects, dream content and features eg mobile

Commit message:

More images, resume css, minor content changes

README.md, after:

# tech-portfolio
Code for my web development and design portfolio

Credits:
Home hero background photo by Alexandru Acea https://unsplash.com/@alexacea on Unsplash (edited)

---------------------------------------------------------------
TODO:

Mobile styles, backlinks, validation

-Test in different browsers, different screens
-Test on phone and tablet (actual devices)
-Test links

VITAL:

About Page: education and certifications image
Hire Me: hero imgs
Resume: hero images

MOBILE IMGS
PHP Finale: "php-finale-mobile-medium.jpg" and small

Retake BookShelf mobile imgs

Rory's Stories Shop Portfolio Project
shop design project notice - this is not a real shop

The-Book-Shelf.xyz: link to asana, docs, etc

Rachel Yamagiwa Massage (presentation written):_prototype: mobile styles, add links back to portfolio

Dream Content:
videos demonstrating each site
mobile styles
process and documentation links
each site links back to portfolio
complete python/JS apps and share
documentation, tutorials, notes

------
Rory's Stories Shop Design (/rorystories): mobile styles, complete checkout process styles, add notice that this is not a real shop, add links back to portfolio

-----
PRIORITIES
1 Images that are missing
<!-- 2 Resume -->
3 Complete text content
4 LinkedIn, etc
5 Add more projects, dream content and features eg mobile
